README.md, before:

## Description
This repository contains all of the configuration needed for my vim environment, but can be expanded in the future to include configurations for other programs.

Currently, I only retain configurations for:
- NeoVim
- IdeaVim

## Installation

### Common Setup
1. Ensure this repository is checked out into `~/.config`
2. Set `XDG_CONFIG_HOME` environment variable to `~/.config`

### Additional IdeaVim Setup (if applicable)
After following the steps in the previous section:
1. Install the IdeaVim plugin
2. Restart IDE

### Additional NeoVim Setup (if applicable)
After following the steps in the previous section:
1. Install NeoVim (Chocolately recommended: `choco install neovim`)
2. Open NeoVim
2. Execute `:PlugInstall`

## Vim Configuration

### Common Configuration
For settings that apply to every vim implementation:
```
./common.vim
```

### IdeaVim Configuration
For settings that only apply to IdeaVim:
```
./ideavim/ideavimrc
```

### NeoVim Configuration
For settings that only apply to NeoVim:
```
./nvim/init.vim
```

Commit message:

Moving utility into appropriate folder, updating readme

README.md, after:

## Description
This repository contains all of the configuration needed for my vim environment, but can be expanded in the future to include configurations for other programs.

Currently, I only retain configurations for:
- NeoVim
- IdeaVim

## Installation

### Common Setup
1. Ensure this repository is checked out into `~/.config`
2. Set `XDG_CONFIG_HOME` environment variable to `~/.config`

### Additional IdeaVim Setup (if applicable)
After following the steps in the previous section:
1. Install the IdeaVim plugin
2. Restart IDE

### Additional NeoVim Setup (if applicable)
After following the steps in the previous section:
1. Install NeoVim (Chocolately recommended: `choco install neovim`)
2. Open NeoVim
3. Execute `:PlugInstall`
4. (optional) Run the utility at: `./nvim/open_with_neovim.reg` to get right-click actions for "Open With NeoVim"

## Vim Configuration

### Common Configuration
For settings that apply to every vim implementation:
```
./common.vim
```

### IdeaVim Configuration
For settings that only apply to IdeaVim:
```
./ideavim/ideavimrc
```

### NeoVim Configuration
For settings that only apply to NeoVim:
```
./nvim/init.vim
```
